This insight shows the total frequency of events over time. In the
default mode you can enter up to 3 events to compare their recent
trends. Weekends are marked with a separate color to help identify
weekly recurring patterns in the data. You can examine the exact
daily values for each series of data by hovering over the chart.

Clicking on a single day or dragging over multiple dates creates a
segment of users. This segment contains all the users who have
triggered the chosen events during the marked date range. Since a
single user can trigger an event multiple times a day, the size of
the segment may not be equal to the value displayed on the chart.

You can compare the event trends between a segment of users and all
other users by selecting a single segment. Segment comparisons can
only be done for one event at a time. Segments created in this mode
only include users from the selected segment (ignoring the series
labeled "All users").

When two segments are selected, the chart shows a comparison of event
trends between the selected segments. Creating new segments is not
supported when comparing two segments.

**Example 1:** Look for significant peaks for key events in your
application, such as page views for your landing page. Analyze the
users causing the peak by dragging over the peak and by exploring
the resulting segment in
[Characterize](/explore/bitdeli/characterize) or
[Boolean Query](/explore/bitdeli/boolean-query).

**Example 2:** Analyze the behavior of your users on their first days
by creating a segment of users that signed up on a specific date.
Selecting that segment and viewing trends for other events lets you
see which features make them come back to your application.
